GCCD 1.5 README
===============


What is GCCD?
-------------

GCCD is a CCD camera control and imaging application.  It is specifically 
designed to get the best images from your camera setup.  As such, support 
for telescope tracking, filter wheels, automatic guiding (including 
self-guiding for SX MX cameras), and someday focusers.  One shot color 
cameras are fully supported, including the ability to 'track-n-stack' 
images.  They will be split apart to each color channel before being 
registered.  GCCD is not a celestial charting program.  For a great 
program that supports just about everything, look to XEphem.  GCCD is not 
am image processing program.  Use GIMP for that.  GCCD is meant to make 
acquiring images as simple and automatic as possible.


Build Requirements
------------------

GCCD is a Gnome application.  In order to build it, you will need to have 
the Gnome build headers installed.  GCCD uses the GDK-PIXBUF library so 
that will need to be installed as well.  Because I've found so many 
problems trying to get distro-supplied version of Gnome working, I just 
went to Ximian and downloaded theirs.  You may need to download all sorfts 
of extra programs to get the build to work.  The only machine I have that 
can fully buid from scratch is Debian 2.2 with Ximain Gnome.  Hope it 
isn't as painfull for you.


Supported Cameras
-----------------

GCCD uses any camera that is supported by the CCD camera kernel driver.  
See the kernel driver README for more details.

Supported Accesories
--------------------	

Currently GCCD can control the telescope through the LX200 serial port 
interface or the Starlight Xpress STAR2000 adapter.  The interface is used 
for guiding and slewing the scope.  No 'GOTO' capability exists.  For 
filter work, the TrueTech Custom Filter Wheel is supported.  A filter 
sequence can be set up to automatically set the filter and expose a 
percentage of the requested expose time (1% to 1000%).  In order to access 
the serial ports from GCCD, make sure the device files /dev/ttyS* are 
read/writeable to your account.


Features, Bugs, Etc.
--------------------

Many features that you want probably aren't there.  Probably many bugs
I haven't found yet :-)  I've fixed everything I know about.

Feeback
-------

Please, give feedback.  I'm building this app for how I want to image.  
That isn't too say it is the only or best way to do things.  In fact, I 
am pretty clueless about imaging and am using this as an excuse to learn.  
The idea is to have an imaging application the way we would like it.
 
 
Dave Schmenk
dschmenk@earthlink.net

